<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="assembly_and_baking">
    <title>Assembly and Baking</title>
    <shortdesc>Instructions for assembling and baking the bread loaf.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Steps to assemble the dough into a sprial and baking directions.<p><b>Assembling
                    the dough:</b></p></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Make the cinnamon filling and set aside.</cmd>
                <substeps id="substeps_v4l_p24_2bc">
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Mix together the <b>brown sugar, cinnamon, melted butter, salt,</b>and
                                <b>vanilla extract.</b></cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the dough from the fridge. Sprinkle some flour on a clean table or
                    cutting board.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Using a rolling pin, roll out the dough into a rectangular shape, about <b>8-9
                        inches</b> wide (the length does not matter).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Using a rubber spatula or spoon, spread the cinnamon sugar filling over the
                    rectangle, leaving an inch border around each edge.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Taking one short end of the dough, start rolling the dough into a log shape.
                    (This is much easier if the dough has been chilled).</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Once the dough is rolled, use a bench scraper to cut the dough in half. Place
                    each loaf into a greased 9x4 loaf pan.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Allow the loaves to rise for <i>2-3 hours,</i> or until the loaves rise about 1
                    inch ovewr the lip of the pan. The time will vary depending on your
                    climate.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Preheat the oven to <b>350°F.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Bake the loaves for <b>25 minutes.</b> Place tinfoil over the loaves to prevent
                    excess browning.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Reduce the heat to <b>325°F.</b> Bake for another <b>15-25 minutes.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove from the oven and cool the loaves on a wire rack for <i>2 hours</i> (if
                    you can manage to wait that long!)</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Enjoy!</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
