<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="new_task">
    <title>Prepping the Dough</title>
    <shortdesc>Insturctions making and prepping the loaf.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>Mixing the ingredients and prepping the dough.<p><b>Making the dough:</b></p><note
                id="note_qlf_1d4_2bc">After putting the yeast in the warm water, in about 5-10
                minutes, the yeast should be bubbly and frothy. That means it is active and will
                work! If there are no changes, the yeast is either dead, or the water not warm
                enough. You can also add in a teaspoon of sugar or honey to aid in the activation.
                This may be helpful if you leave in a colder cliamte.</note></context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Heat your water until it reaches about <b>90-110°F</b>. Mix in the yeast and
                    allow to start activating for <i>10 minutes</i></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>While the yeast activates, mix together the <b>salt, eggs, honey,</b> and
                        <b>melted butter.</b></cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Mix in the <b>activated yeast</b> until combined.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Add in the <b>flour,</b> folding with a spoon until fully incorperated.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Cover the bowl with saran wrap or a clean dish towel.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Set the covered bowl aside and allow the dough to rise for <i>2 hours.</i> This
                    should be set somewhere room-temperature, but if you live in a cold climate, you
                    can place it in the oven on a proof setting, if it has one. Otherwise, it may
                    take longer than two hours. The dough should double in size.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the dough from the bowl and knead it for a few minutes. This helps
                    activate the gluten and removes excess volume from the bread.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Place the dough back in the bowl and place the dough in the fridge for <i>2-3
                        hours.</i> This allows the butter to chill and makes it easier to handle for
                    the next steps.</cmd>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
