<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="untitled7">
    <title>Working with Yeast</title>
    <body>
        <p>The hardest part of baking bread at home is working with yeast. Yeast reacts differently
            according to temperature, so if you live in a warm climate, your yeast will rise faster
            and more aggressively. Alternatively, if you live in a cold climate, you may have
            trouble getting your yeast to rise properly. Since temperatures vary by location,
            season, and even time of day, it can take some experimentation to see how yeast behaves
            in your recipe.</p>
        <p>Yeast is also tricky in that it can be <i>alive</i> or <i>dead</i>. Live yeast is what
            you want: it reacts and bubbles up, creating the light and fluffy texture of the bread.
            Dead yeast, as the name suggests, is dead, and does not react at all. It's important to
            start by mixing your yeast into your warm water; if it starts to bubble, the yeast is
            live and will work! If nothing changes, the yeast is probably dead and needs to be
            thrown away.</p>
        <p>Things to pay attention to when working with yeast:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_bm1_z34_2bc">
                <li>Temperature<ul id="ul_hly_sj4_2bc">
                        <li>Is it really hot or really cold where you live?</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Alive or Dead yeast<ul id="ul_cl2_tj4_2bc">
                        <li>Is the yeast fresh, or has it been sitting in your pantry for too
                            long?</li>
                    </ul></li>
                <li>Proper activation<ul id="ul_gx4_tj4_2bc">
                        <li>When activating yeast, if the water is too hot, it can kill the
                            yeast.</li>
                    </ul></li>
            </ul>
        </p>
    </body>
</topic>
