<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="working_with_maps">
    <title>Working with maps</title>
    <shortdesc>A ditamap is how you organize your content.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p>There are two major types of ditamaps.</p>
        <dl>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Map style</dt>
                <dd>
                    <p>A map style ditamap is just a table of contents. You can add a title, but not
                        much else. You can create a hierarchy of topics.</p>
                    <p>Used with non-PDF content, such as HTML output, or to reuse.</p>
                    <p>Maps are also used for all the non-TOC things you can do with ditamaps,
                        including key definitions, relationship-tables, constraints, etc., but those
                        are advanced topics.</p>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
            <dlentry>
                <dt>Bookmap style</dt>
                <dd>
                    <p>Intended for use with books. Bookmaps contain a lot of metadata to create all
                        the front and back matter of a book, such as titles, sub-titles, publisher
                        information, copyright information. You can also add specific references for
                        chapters, appendices, table of contents, index, and so on.</p>
                </dd>
            </dlentry>
        </dl>
        <p>Be aware that maps can reference other maps. This lets you group sets of topics together
            and reuse them between different outputs. </p>
        <p>Also be aware there are other things you can do with maps, such as define relationships
            between topics (relationship tables), define keys, define constraints, but those things
            are outside the scope of what we can cover. </p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
